Amendments to your plan:
Trains take a Quantity of items, not just Item. Usually it will be a quantity of one item, sometimes two. The item it takes should be weighted to be a basic item.

Corrections to the constants listing: set gridSizeN to 9, globalTime to 500, nPlayers to 2, lineRemovalProb to 0.27, nTrains 3. middleNodeProb to 0.11. s 1.6, r 3.4, f 6, i 16. Bucket size weights (starting at 0): [1, 8, 4, 2, 0.8]
There are going to have to be just as many traders as we generate. Multi output prob is no longer a relevant figure, that's handled in trader generation. Decomposers are cut. Generally we're no longer specifying fixed numbers of facilties, we're either generating a number proportionate to the number of bucket slots, and the number of buckets is set by the number of nodes (plus train nodes). Each bucket slot has one facility. The total bucket slots is determined by the bucket size distribution. The buckets are then shuffled over the nodes and that's where each of their facilities go (there's no concept of buckets in the code after generation has finished). Although traders also have a minimum number that could be above their proportion due to the need for every trader type to have at least one instance. So distribute traders first.

Actually, have players render at the same scale as the node icons even when they're moving along an edge, not at world scale, that was a good guess, but I've changed my mind.

See the amendments and additions I've made to the design doc, and consider those.

Make adjustments to the design doc first if any need to be made, we should keep it up to date as an overview/approximation of the sketch.

Move your sketching into trainscape_thrival.dart, and produce the updated sketch. Suggest (but don't put them into the sketch yet) utilities and conventions you think we're going to need.



Add two new tiles in the Extra section, "$trainscapeName: Thrival", which opens the game, and a "$trainscapeName Mode" Mobj<bool> toggle which has the screen open by default, over the timer screen, when the app launches.
Pressing Esc from within trainscape should pop the navigator.
Then proceed to implement everything.



note the changes in trainscape_thrival.txt
	initial default for farZoomThreshold should be 2.5
increase map span to 13x13
trains that're on a cycle should show a countdown pie



note changes to trainscape_thrival.txt
tooltips shouldn't describe the items in english. Items should just display as their icons at full size.
but it's clear that my approach to icon generation was idiotic, rework is in design doc.
(switched to opus partway through)


oh, we should avoid having situations where traders directly output their inputs, how should we amend this
you're still failing to notice the change to player rendering, the name should be centered in a stack over the player
I'm not seeing any horizontal pills, pills should be randomly tilted or not when placed into the grid. Note, if you're not doing this, all placements that lead to minimum max dim equal to the currently leading candidate should be retained and then chosen randomly between once all sides and placements have been considered.
When pills are displayed in large mode, they should be broadened
icons in grid should be closer together, reduce gap by 60%
remove "shared by everyone in this node" from storage descriptions. remove "tap to take it" from plant descriptions. replace "this station can call the train from anywhere" with "this station can control the train". Remove "moves only when moved".
clicking the facility while the tooltip is open should close it
don't show currently selected player name at top left


When the player moves while offscreen, camera shouldn't pan. That behavior isn't needed, camera should pan straight to target node on move.
muggers don't seem to be detecting the item in the player's inventory. I suspect remove is doing a reference equality comparison. Check for similar issues with traders.
add a night and day system. Night mode affects all UIs, mainly just inverting lightness. dayLength = 4 minutes. Night turns to day halfway through the day. A clock shows next to the global timer. facilityDayOnlyp = 0.34, muggerNightOnlyp = 0.45. Day only facilities have a small day icon, top-aligned, before their main icon (keep showing in zoomed out mode), and are faded in the night. Night only facilities similarly have a small night icon displaying bottom aligned, and are faded in the day. briefly show NIGHT HAS FALLEN or DAY HAS RISEN when the night/day signal changes
Time intervals should come in two types. Some facilities just have an interval of an arbitrary time period, others (most, or all current cyclic events) facilities should have daily "clock" intervals, ie, a random offset, on a whole-number multiple or whole number fraction of the day length.
trains should have division clock intervals
add a "blight" facility with a danger icon that casts a wide faint red-dashed circle onto the map around it, which on a clock intervial of one to three days, takes place during the night. When the blight fires, it deletes any items within the radius carried by players or kept in unsecured storage, though not on plants. blightRadiusMin = 6, blightRadiusMax = 17. If the player is caught in a blight wave, say BLIGHTSTRUCK. blightMitigablep = 0.8, in which case the blight can be mitigated by giving it a particular item. The item required is uniformly random. blightHungryp = 0.15, visually denoted with 'R', which means it needs another item every cycle. If a blight is satiated and not hungry, stop showing the cycle indicator.
add secured storages, at storageSecurep = 0.12. render with a lock after the storage icon
when a player is mugged, say MUGGED. Also change what muggers do. Instead of disabling, they should take all of the player's items.
for both blights and mugging events, flash the player's inventory red three times
any facility with a clock schedule should show the clock time next to its countdown pie. remember to add a countdown pie to cyclical trains. If the facility's frequency is a whole multiple of a day, the clock should have a small night or day icon before it, being (facility.interval.offset + day*0.02 > day/2)? night : day.
add a clock display to the top of the screen. Also add in all caps "<days remaining> DAYS REMAIN. <eudaimonia requirement> <eudaimonia icon> REQUIRED" (<days remaining> is floor of time remaining divided by day length)
update trainscape_thrival.txt in light of this, leaving parameter defaults out.


Replace nonTraderProportions with weights, parameters must be specified as weights with an arbitrary total because humans can't easily tweak proportions that have to sum to one. I may periodically ask you to normalize the weights later on.
The clock and remaining time and eudaimonia requirement should be in line with the main timer, and opaque, same font, and it should replace the older corner eudaimonia requirement counter (I guess that part of the message should update when eudaimonia goes down). Put all of that in a wrap with width same as the screen
Something is very wrong with the way pills are rendering, many of them are huge. We don't want to do hugeness any more. A pill in the root grid should always be a normal size, and pills inside it should be a little smaller. Render pills not as capped lines but as rounded rects with high corner radius. A pill should have the thickness equal to the radius of the circle when it's in large mode within a grid. Pills nesting in 1x2 mode inside it... the inside grid and everything on it will just have to be scaled down. Nested pills and squircles wont look flush, but it's a price we have to pay for sizing to be automatic and right.


squircles can have a footprint of 2x2 at squircleTryEmbeddingLargep = 0.4 (if it ends up not being able to embed large due to space constraints, it should fail over to trying small (which in turn should fail if the icon part contains too much to be shrunk), this should all already be happening for pills)
remove the floor, we should instead go by depth limit

no, rods are not always 1x2, they can be 1x1. make sure that pills and squircles can nest in small mode if their nesting level isn't too high (otherwise fail over to large mode) (notice how both nesting sizes and tilts can fail over to the others, which may call for an abstraction). Make sure there's a parameter iconGridPlacementBigp = 0.7 which determines the first size that gets tried

I'm not seeing any squircles. On the first pass when choosing basic shapes, shuffle a list of the colors and shapes and pick each one at least once before starting to pick at random ones.
make the screen quit x just be a clickable back arrow icon (that visually accords with the rest of that line), no padding. Same for the pause/play, the spacing looks uneven with this current button widget thing.
the sun/moon indicating when a facility is active shouldn't be transparent, and it should be inside the facility's main icon flow.
facility icon backgrounds shouldn't dim when the facility is inactive, only the icons should dim.
clicking a plant in the map shouldn't harvest, only clicking in the controls should harvest.
Trader icons are still using the circle-less icon variant.
inner grids shouldn't shrink quite as much as they do.
countdown pies should turn down in the other direction, they're currently turning anticlockwise. They shouldn't have a background disc.
The outer wrap should have a bit more side padding

it seems as if icon widgets have equal side spacing around them, ie, a tall thin one will have empty space to either side as if it were square. This is bad. The widget should fit the shape of the actual icon.
When showing multiple items in sequence, in a facility, put spaces between them, or else it's ambiguous where one ends and the next begins. (the issue mainly just seems to be in traders)
When a facility is inactive, fade the outline as well (or interpolate it towards the background color). Make the fade a bit milder.
make sure pill radius is always half of thickness.
define custom paints for sun/moon, we need them to look better compact than flutter's do. Sun should be an 8-star. Moon should just be a half-circle, diagonally cut; oriented towards the bottom-left. Don't use the flutter icons for this any more.
small sun/moon indicator should be smaller, and the box should be narrower, especially on the right side (which should be very close to the following icon
I initially decided the precision of seconds should be one decimal place, lets' change this so that it's no decimal places, whole number seconds only


blight borders should be opaque and thick, the color should just be similar to the background color. blights' nodes should have a 2 radius circle in the same color behind them. All of that should be behind the graph nodes and edges.
replace the "MOVE" on the move pad with "drag to move"
countdown timers seem to be positioned kind of arbitrarily. Make sure they're at the top right of the whole facility icon. Don't show day/night symbol, don't show clock time separate from second time. Choose to show clock time after the pie if it's available and seconds otherwise. Transparency was also unwanted.
make camera seek more ease-in-out, and a bit slower, it's currently too abrupt. Use a spring that's just two joined parabola segments. If that's not how flutter's regular springs work, check the animove library in cache for the special timely easer spring and use that if available.
remove tree regen divisions, it's too complicated, clock regen trees should only regen once per day
don't use sage for items, it's too indistinct.
Make sure that root grids aren't being placed inside other shapes as parts, they shouldn't be parts, the first step of identifying parts within an item is destructuring the root grid out. There are a few types in that structure that can't be standalone icons.

when the user is panning the camera by dragging, TimelyParabolicSimulation.target shouldn't be used, you should instead just set the TimelyParabolicSimulation.endValues
there's a bug where storages can have items shoved into them even if they're inactive
remove blightGrey, that too should be a lerp with the actual world background color.
replace blight radius bounds with a set of discrete radii, initially [5, 7, 14]
train nodes should be the same color as their rail. Trains/rails should take color as a parameter even though we only have one for now.
I'm seeing an icon generation issue where there's a shape that seems like it couldn't have been formed except by violating max dimension minimization. Let's take a closer look at that code.

replace the moon painter with one that does the traditional crescent shape, but it'll be a more extreme form than flutter's. So, there's an outer circle (diameter min(width, height)), an inner circle, smaller, positioned a bit to to the up-right, you start on a point at which they intersect, arc to the other point per the outer circle, then arc back on the inner circle.
when players are on a node, position the node's facilities so that they're left of the center of the node, and the player column so that it's right of center. No longer should they both just be in a row i guess.
shunt a node's facilities to the end of the stack whenever they receive a tooltip tap or whatever, not only when they have players. Their z-ordering can be stateful.

facilities should be centered when no player is on the node

if a mugger is only active at night, their tooltip should mention that
the lightness inversion shader was a cute hack, but I don't think it's good enough, dark and light need different tuning, so make the dark and light colors two different colorschemes, cut the inversion filter.
the dark color scheme should use the same item colors for now

train node edge color needs to be dimmer in the dark theme, so that has to be part of the Palette doesn't it?
also: change the color of facility lozenges, make it similar to the color of the node they're part of (currently all the same, but...), but tinted slightly off-background-color (so darker on light theme, lighter on dark theme)
and also: randomize node color from a basket of three. The current colors, one that's slightly further off, and one that causes it to take a random rootmost color from one of its facility item requirements, if any of them are colored, otherwise, it picks a random item color, and with that color it slightly tints the base node color.
And this color carries through to the facility lozenges.

soften the node tint by a lot, and soften the lozenge tint. We no longer need lozenge outlines. Tooltip lozenges should be the same color as the facility lozenges. Change item color light grey so that it's fully light now that all backgrounds are grey.
edges should do a gradient between the two nodes

edge gradient handles need to be displaced a little to make sure the transition starts after the edge of the node circle

maintain a 'fillet' shape that we reuse to add fillets at the joins between the nodes and their edges. Same color as the node? Or should it be same as the edge. Would it be efficient to merge them with the edge and have the edges use fill so that they can share a fill style/gradient? Don't put them around trains though.

trains in dark don't seem to have a train color, or, perhaps I can't tell, dark's train doesn't seem to be applying to the train edges. It seems like trainColors and trainGrey shouldn't be around any more.
give hazard nodes a special color: light: ffb6ae, dark: 670000
I notice faded (sleeping) facilities have a lighter lozenge, remove that feature, lozenge should be same color.
put an AnimoveFrame around the map so that we can then put Animoves around all of the facility widgets. You may need to introduce globalkeys for them.
oh to clarify, the AnimoveFrame should go around the part of the map that is panned/moved/the container that's still relative to all of the nodes (they do fall under a parent that's moving right?), rather than the map widget, as putting it that far out would cause the map to drift behind when panned

We need a map level frame. You could put all positioneds within a new stack that's within a positioned at cam (or -cam, whatever), couldn't you? And the AnimoveFrame could go around the inside stack that's not moving relative to the camera. I guess I can tolerate scaling still causing an animove over facilities. It'd probably be kind of trippy.
Decent thought but don't redden the muggers.
When zoomed out by > 2.5, start to fade in an overGraphMaxOpacity = 0.5 copy of the graph that renders on top of the facilities, so that the graph structure can be seen over the now very tightly crowded facilities. Ideally it would be a saved version of the composite that was just draw below? Would saveLayer or something be the most efficient way to do this?


Animoves are working correctly.
Hmm I just ran a trade for the first time and it seems like I lost my inputs but didn't receive the output.
Oh, the overgraph is barely perceptible, which makes sense I guess. Increase opacity to 0.8.

I'm so sorry, it was because it was a non-instant trade.
Perhaps there was no indicator of that. There is no indicator of recovery cooldown. In fact it seems that it
never recovers.

trainscape: remove day/night cycle theme change, and remove the change messages, and remove day/night constraint from facility generation, but keep the icon display logic (if you're wondering why I'm removing it/deemphasizing it, it's because it's visually more difficult than I imagined because flipping darkmode/lightmode is horrible, and it's also taxing on gameplay design, since it means half of what the user knows is inactionable half the time). Instead, keep clock time schedules. Make sure all clock times display next to clock faces, which aren't pies, they're discs with an hour hand and a fainter minute hand. AM times display with a light clockface, PM a dark one.

uh make sure palette matches the system theme brightness

remove real minutes/seconds countdown display from top, the new clock is sufficient

trainscape: move pause/play control to bottom right of the view, give it a background of the same color as the controls. trader icon should just be T

trainscape: sometimes the swipe gesture randomly steals drag and attempts to swipe and move the map cause the exit screen gesture to start. Make sure that can't happen on our drag widgets, such as the map screen, or move pads.

make sure all cooldowns refer to in-game seconds (fractions of a day) rather than real world seconds.
	yeah you're going to have to do playerSpeed and train speed. you can update trader cooldowns, the design doc is right.

remove cost only muggers, they're too specific and don't do much
Trains should not move automatically
[reconsider design doc]
replace the plane takeoff icon with flight_rounded, it currently looks too similar to the landing icon otherwise. Similarly, the inbox and outbox look almost identical at small sizes. For the inbox icon, make it Icons.inbox with an arrow above it, column above. For the outbox, outbox_rounded
you can make trader stuff the original way
when the player jumps, reset the camera to center on the new player position, otherwise their movement causes the camera to essentially fly off
remove outlines from control elements, just keep this subtle contrast that I think is probably already adequate.
there's a lot of variation in facility representation sizes (or, specifically, widths), so we should use a more space-efficient layout. Use a pretty efficient packing algorithm to minimize rectangular space of the cluster, but keep it simple if possible.
add a control above the pause icon, a zoom icon. If tapped, it cycles between three zoom levels (high, medium (constants we can tweak), full-map), If dragged up or down, it zooms out or in respectively.
get rid of the size change to facilities when player enters a node (it's tricky for us to make the size change animate)
When something happens to a player who's off-screen, it needs to mention them in the popup message, like "<Rudy icon> MUGGED", or else it's sheer confusion.
center camera when it's in full map view. when cycling zoom mode, cycle one up from the zoom level that's closest to the current zoom level.
Remove train speed. All trains should be fast.
Big new feature. We need to do time shit. Controlling two characters simultaneously while dealing with time limits doesn't really work well gameplaywise unless it's turn based, believe it or not. Moving characters in alternation sucks, so you want to be able to move one independently for a while then only move the second to follow once they need to cross paths/interact. So we're going to do that by, when you wanna move the second player, rewind to the last time they moved, which will rewind the first player's actions, then as the second player moves, the first one's actions replay in parallel. This means the actions later moving characters take can interfere with the actions of the first character, in some cases invalidating them, but we can detect that. So:
	there has to be a time dial that can turn time forwards and backwards. Move the clock to the lower left side of the map, and make it bigger. When the player turns it, it turns the hour hand by the angle they moved.
	in pause mode, time only advances when the player does things (or if playing, during ticks), such as walking, or launching the train, or turning the time dial forward. I guess.. when the selected player has an action scheduled, time plays until all of those actions complete.
	we need to be able to record action histories so that we can replay them after rewinding
		scheduled actions can become invalid, for instance if a player is about to take an item from a container that doesn't have anything in it, or move on to a train that's not at this station, which stops that player's action history from replaying any further, and shows a minor alert message.
	make sure that nothing is framerate dependent, eg, you'd be able to run update(delta: 2 hours) and still get the same results as update(delta:16 ms) running however many times, so, there's a strict ordering of events to come, that's knowable in advance. If a player is moving towards a node, their arrival time and trajectory is known, anything that acts on space knows whether they will be within range at the time it will fire.
		part of this ordering means I guess every entity needs to have an id so that can be used to break ties. For instance if two players tried to take the same item on the same frame. Though in most cases, you should use type to break ties.
	actions/events must be reversible, which is to say, if they destroy state, the action must keep the state it destroyed, so that it can restore it instantly when reversed.
	we maybe switch everything represent time with an integer since float addition and subtraction isn't reversible :(
		I guess u64s, 16384 (2^14) per in-game second
does that all sound feasible? Does any of it sound like a bad idea?

Okay :( I guess if we take periodic snapshots it'll be cheap enough to run a resimulation every frame. But you better be ready to say sorry if we try it and find out it causes framerate to decrease cause I don't think it introduces more complexity than you'd be able to handle. You can try it without more than one snapshot for now.
Aren't signals responses lazy?
sketchy, let's replace identical with ids then/provide an equality implementation.
Yeah okay, major alert. but isn't that a suggestion that the take action should mention the id of what it's taking.
the rewind clock can't go below 0 but has no upper bound (to allow using it to wait fast). I don't really want it to snap to events. It can show players partway through their action animations. When a player is selected, it should go to the time of the completion of their most recent action. Yeah okay let's just gear down the clock, or amplify distance, 30deg becomes 3 when the clock's outer wheel (add that) is dragged, only turns very fast when the inner wheel is dragged.
yes the game will be more like a puzzle, it needs to be.
- regarding Now... and animations. I guess you have a "TTime? playingTo;" which, when set, the game updates each frame to inch towards it until it's at now and then it pauses again? (where TTime = int, per your decision)
- yes
- okay
- uh yeah. And I guess muggers wont like, in any important sense own the action, it happens as part of the entry action? idk
Sounds like we're ready to start?

I said we're replacing identical with id comparisons. Is something wrong with that?
"captured panel model"? Oh yeah, does the control panel show as if it's already in the future game state? Is that what you mean? It probably should.

proceed

I wouldn't really want to playtest until those are in. Proceed. The easing-to-present should... probably actually follow a spring. Because we'll want to smooth clock drag actions slightly as well. Probably that would want a stiffer spring, so change stiffness depending on what the cause of the movement was.

an issue with closed form is that we may need (for visual smoothness) to be able to interrupt it with an initial velocity of current velocity if another action is taken while the current one is animating. Do you do that? (do you have closed form compute of the velocity, and initial as parameter)
I'm a bit confused by one paragraph, (Wouldn't the rebuild only fire when flutter's ready to render another frame?) what're probes that throw the world away exactly?
yeah i'd already asked to start paused in a previous round..
sounds okay, after talking about the above, i'll playtest

Is there a reason we're moving Game forward and back in that sort of situation instead of just maintaining a GameSnapshot and operating on that, like a model, disconnected from a view.

disable mugged/blighted messages, they're a bit broken
the clock drag turns it the wrong way
make the clock and outer ring twice as large, but recess it so that only like 12% of the outer ring is showing at the left and right, the user can start a drag anywhere so the whole thing doesn't have to be showing. Make the outer ring a bit thicker. Make action future indicator rings thinner and remove the caps. the start angle should be -pi*0.12.
Show all action history indicator rings on the outer ring, now that they're thin.
bug: take actions don't seem to work while paused, until play starts.
The spring takes too long to settle, use parabolic easer, I may already be providing one, but it's capable of overshooting and bugging out, so you might want to write a better one.

the movement pad controls often send multiple moves in quick succession. They should only accept a new event after player thumb movement slows and then speeds up again substantially enough.

also make zoom and play buttons clickable anywhere in their padding instead of just within the visible container area.

make clockface be 0.24 * the span of the minimum map view widget

okay there was a misunderstanding on the clock thing. I want it like Positioned(bottom:0, left:0, child: Stack(padding(clockface), Positioned.centered(outerRing))). The outer ring will overflow and go offscreen at the left and right

[pasted a crash] 'package:flutter/src/rendering/object.dart': Failed assertion: line 6018 pos 14: '!childSemantics.renderObject._needsLayout': is not true. / BoxConstraints forces an infinite width and infinite height.

:S the outer ring is rendering way wider than it actually is/isn't interactive at that distance

the inner limit of the outer wheel is further in on the clockface, it still doesn't line up with the outer wheel visually on the inside. You probably should have the draggable be over all of the graphical parts, but calculate it correclty. The inner wheel extent isn't a constant, it's determined from clock face.

I gave the wrong start position for outer wheel action history lines, it should be -PI/2*1.23

I don't think action history is saved to disk? When I restart there's none, can't travel back.

everything we did during this session that's not in the trainscape prompts.txt, copy my prompts in there. Then do the next block (excepting the piggyback thing which I guess we don't need so much right now)
Treat clockface drags that're too close to the center (say, closer than 0.5r) as if they were out at that min distance, ie make them lower gear
Only update the camera in response to a move if the selected player is currently on screen, or, narrower than that, if (selectedPlayer.position - camera).maxDim < mapScreen.dimensions.minDim/2
clock, when tapped, should complete the next/current action.
the minute hand sometimes moves really really fast, so show it as an arc segment from the previous frame. The wider it is, the fainter.
have the future action history ring indicators run the other way, starting at PI/2*0.3
it doesn't seem to be able to rewind to before the first action
I'm not seeing the minute hand arcing, I'm still seeing a lot of full cylinders flashing.
aaa ffs i see what you're doing, you're just adding fill. That isn't it. The arc needs to have the same outline as the hand, and the outline and fill need to be the same, the outline will fade with the rest. And don't make it go so faint. There should be a limit on how faint it goes.
There's always been a strange issue where, when the camera is at a certain vertical y (I can't see a pattern that would predict why this particular y does it), the map goes blank. Move above or below this level by very much, the map is visible again. It's a bit sporadic. Investigate.
The outer wheel's representation of time should be somewhat synthetic, it should allocate max(duration, minSyntheticActionDuration = 10minutes) to each action, and it should show actions as discrete segments, ie, have a gap at the end so that the separation is clear. When players are alternatingly taking instant actions at the same time (rare), it will produce an interleaving pattern. So it wont always turn time forward by a certain amount of minutes when turned, it might not turn time forward at all.
when the wheel starts to move, the direction is noted, and time snaps to before or after the current wheel action depending on the direction. If the wheel is being moved back in time, then it immediately rolls back to before the most recent action, if it's being moved forward in time, then it immediately snaps to the end of the next action
The snap should animate. So I guess if the action has a duration, use the spring target, otherwise.. do whatever it is you do to advance over instant actions.
When a player is selected, time needs to go back to the end of their last action.
allow turning the outer wheel beyond the action history, it should proceed at the usual rate (it currently wont go past the final action)
events currently run far too fast. when the player schedules an action, it should animate linearly at normal speed. It should only rush to complete that if they schedule another action, but the way the catchup works should also be changed, it should be an elastic snap to the present, it should move faster when it's further behind, and it should land in the present smoothly, with no discontinuity in velocity most of the time. This shouldn't interfere with the spring snapping behavior of the outer clock event wheel, though that also needs to be a little bit more relaxed.
Ringing forward beyond the final action works.
the catch up animation doesn't look right at all, it's extremely discontinuous. When I start a move, it plays forward at normal rate, the problem is visible when another move is scheduled partway through.
What we want: time dynamically springs to catch up with a new "now" that is time as of the next, newly scheduled action, ie, the new frontier is the ending of the current action, moving towards the next action, the visible present is springing to catch up with that new frontier, with final velocity of 1 second per second.
What we currently have: Time speeds up when the second action is scheduled, but when time reaches the end of the first action, it just instantly leaps to the end of the second action.
Another major issue, the unmoved player is selected, and the clock is playing back to their last move, it takes a while if it's been a long time, which looks nice, but if they move before it animates all the way back to them, the move is scheduled at the current visible position of the animation rather than its target, which is wrong. if they do move early, what should happen should be similar to the above, their action is scheduled after the actual frontier for them, then a finite duration spring should catch up with that frontier.
This may require rethinking the wheel/paused time animation.
~~If the selected player moves into the smaller square mindim x mindim camera sensitivity box, center on them.~~ (changed my mind on this, not the way)
Make player inventory vertical, next to the move pad.
a station that requires an item to move the train must also show that item in its representation, as the train does
=> sol
we need to start the player with tutorial levels, so there's a mobj that stores their progress, and which levels are unlocked, and there's a level screen
the level screen:
	I guess we'll just make it a list like every other screen in the app! x]
	Levels that're newly unlocked (player hasn't played a game since they were unlocked show with a small green circle indicator). The list tile is otherwise just their name.
	At the bottom, there's a small psuedo-section (handedness-aligned) that just has a "<lock icon> <number> <heart>", showing the number of wins in the previous section required to unlock the next section.
	On open, it opens scrolled to the end.
After a game, player should be directed back to level screen.
And I guess it should open to the level screen when trainscape is opened, except when they have *open straight to trainscape* active, in which case they clearly care more about speed. There will have to be per-level save states, and a way of clearing them from the level select screen after clicking the save icon in the level's tile.

Try to stick to a neat, clear api for describing levels. I will likely have to use it too.
```psuedocode
Level {
	Node newNodeRelative(Offset r {Node? relativeTo}){
		final r = relativeTo ?? nodes.last.offset;
		final Node v = Node(nodes.last.offset + r);
		addNode(v);
		addEdge(r, v);
		return v;
	}
}

level.addNodeNode(Offset(0,0)))
final nn = level.newNodeRelative(Offset(0, 10));
level.addFacility(nn, ...)
```
or a different api if you'd consider it to be cleaner.

Section 1, wins required: 3
	Level: "locks". 1 heart required. three days. players: 1
		the player starts in a route that leads to a thing that trades a1 and a2 for heart
		but a1 is behind an a3 r mugger.
		likewise, a2 is behind an a1 r mugger, and a3 is behind an a2 r mugger.
		but there is an a3 plant down a long route to the south.
	Level: "trains". hearts:1, days: 1, players:1
		triangle n11 n12 n13, with n13 converting a1 to <3
		n12 has a a2 plant
		n13 has
			a3 plant
			train a, controllable from the inside or in the station, which goes to n21
		n21 has a chain that goes to n29, with a mugger on the way
		n22 has a station that goes to n29, but train2 is at the other station, and train2 consumes an a4
		n23 has
		 	storage
			a4 plant
		n24 has a mugger who rcs an a2
		n27 has a4 plant
		n29 has trade a3 for a1
	Level: "time". hearts:6, days: 1, players:1
		a1 plant, 3 hour cooldown
		a2 plant, 3 hour cooldown
		trade a3 for a1 a2
		trade 4 a1 for a3
		trade a1 for <3
		trade a2 for <3
		a hollow rectangle of 6 nodes by 5, with a plane terminal and one train that requires an a3
	Level: "perfect time". hearts:9, days: 1, players:1
		otherwise same as above
Section 2
	Level: "fjelniurn", hearts:3, days: 3, players: 1
		generate a random level according to X2 and express it according to our hand-generation API so that I can edit it.

now start the procedural sections. Procedural sections generate a new level when the tile is clicked, previously genreated levels display above the tile in a wrap, when long clicked, a dialog asks to delete them.
you need to respect the settings menu conventions from the rest of the app, android defaults suck. Your trainscape screens lack the drag-to-go-back behavior. The lock icon in level select is on the wrong side. Remember to put it in its own little psuedo-section
clicking the save icon needs to open a dialog (styled appropriately) that says "Reset the save data for this level?" The save data doesn't show up right away when player comes back. Requirement should be on the other side, it's not designed to be reached, it's designed to be seen.
... the corner radii on the dilaog and its options do not match the corner radii we generally use.
The save icon and the level tiles aren't the same height. Ideally the height of these sections would be the max of the intrinsic heights of the two, and each child would be sized to that height
When a player enters a node with a mugger, the mugging should happen right away. Currently, it seems to happen when they move again.
Keep that, but this is the wrong solution. Some animations, such as this one, need to play in real-time, not in game time. I suppose we'd also like a distinction between first play and replay. On the replay, you'd want the flash to just go once, briefly, in game-time, but if it's a response to player action, it should play in full in real-time when the mugging is triggered. How would you recommend implementing that.
you haven't separated the sections in the level select
when an action is taken, the new arc in the history on the outer clock wheel should animate in, instead of just appearing. Also give the outer wheel a subtle sweep gradient that goes darker/lighter (theme brightness-sensitive) at the end to make it clear where the beginning/wrap of the wheel is.
--
Section 3
	Level X1: "The known way"
		procedural
		easy parameters (either narrow (2 or 3 items per tier) or shallow (only 2 tiers) generation chains). An endless hallway of levels, each time the player wins, the hallway is extended one out, the new level is at the beginning of the list.
		10 levels and a random generator which the player can seed
Section 4
	Level X2: "Other ways"
		basic parameters
		5 levels, seedable generator
Section 5
	Level X3: "The true way"
		hard parameters
		3 levels, seedable generator
if the player beats all 3 X3 levels, it unlocks a diatribe from me, as the final level
	the diatribe
		"Habitat"
		We wouldn't recognize our home. Modern pitcher plants promise echoes matching the shape of our wounds and many of us die in them. The rest of us dwindle as some fresh plague bubbles over our feet.
		We see someone walking upright, armed, a child upon their back. They notice us and approach and, alas, those big black eyes, emotions we do not recognize, inscrutable mutterings, a reaching device whose function we do not understand, and we are turned into a cautionary tale.
		Our vision will need to improve.

		Humanity's home shore is shattering and sinking.
		There are many habitable places, but all varying degrees of abyssal. There's nowhere left on the shore. There are places closer to it, but the closer you wish to be, the harder it is to survive at all. It stands to reason that there is one place of minimal compromise where the most humanlike remaining things still defiantly flourish, reachable only by those with absolute courage that is tempered with inerrent wisdom. You are not among those people. Your place will be further down.
		As you descend, as you're embedded in your abyssal cell, you will hear the screams of the humans who couldn't or wouldn't sink as deep as you did as they're dashed and swallowed by monsters older than you. You will feel guilty when you are spared. They will spare you because you no longer taste good.
		One day, long after your descent, you will learn of a place closer to the shore, a place of lesser compromise. You will learn how you could have kept your hair or your smooth scaleless skin, but you were too fearful, or too stupid, to find that place, you casted it all away. You might shudder in grief. Or, now an abyssal thing, you may not grieve at all, you may chuckle ruefully, for that thing you grew from, who cared, is dead, their memories dissolve in your maw.
		Look the other way, downwards, you will only see greater older monsters, chuckling ruefully about how you kept your brown eyes, or your flat face, and how pathetic you are for doing that.

		But you aren't an abyssal thing, yet.
		The sooner you accept that your shore is soon to shatter and sink, the lesser the compromise you will need to enact.
		Your vision is going to need to improve. We know that it is inhuman to see like us, but we don't believe there is any place of lesser compromise than ours. You don't believe us, yet? You don't have much time.
		
Add the ability to carry other players piggyback.
